hi guys here virtus and this is not
a normal commentary
well it's not a blog
moment is a hyper unboxing
megagalactic limited edition of halo 4
I know you're already bringing the hand to
pants so I don't get lost besides
talk and we go straight to unboxing
then let's start then I ask you
kindly neglect the quantum
negligible packaging that is not
obviously as beautiful as that is the
legend of halo reach
ok much more than before
here it is from this verse we give it
minutes the package shows this
much, much more beautiful than magnetic
then excel a good one
image of the infinite I assume is not there
written nothing or I don't see
and now the various things the book
analogous to the science that I think finish it
before the chimera I owe
read the school a single plate
just for me but who cares about the la
practice is wonderful package with disc
disc 2 this is
something magnificent halo 4 beautiful
the warthog model this here
remains packaged is then embarked
we have what we find inside
Instructions for Use
and let's try to see what's underneath
to everything we have we have as how it is
I do not want to create damage at least for
these are always so out
nsc there are infinite vrsc envelopes
I think it's a book that tells me where
all
it looks like the instruction book
so nice to finally return to
in fact, restart the instructions as you do
needs to
here in no idea what we find but
we open we do not remove from the bridge
ranger dinners and destroy interesting
not ideal you can open ok briefing
missions missions no better than what ok
we were not owe then I have to
destroy what they like
indicatively I would say other contents
that I will not show you the 14 months yes 14
months but 14 days trial content
extra
ok ok
and here we are
let's try the super mega poster you don't
I'm going to open but that will surely end
in my room I think another super mega
poster not the idea but we are not doing
too much mess because I want it
actually try and their mega
blocks with a beautiful warthog
oh well now we request everything and say that
the unboxing of today quite fast
albeit in and full it's full of stuff
it can end here because there is a desire
crazy to try the game a shore hello
is the next